date: October 8, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [prjones4, mcstaffo, asrathor, zhuoliny, eewalker, dakotale]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {},
  {}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: asrathor, progress: Working on the finishing touches of the Google API},
  {ubit: dakotale, progress: Working on the Google API w/ asrathor to create a small function to display free time to the user},
  {ubit: eewalker, progress: Ability to ping the server and have a reply back from the server},
  {ubit: mcstaffo, progress: Showing of the GUI without working buttons/ Working on server backend to have the server interact with the GUI},
  {ubit: prjones4, progress: Wrote multiple node.js scheme to help with server backend},
  {ubit: zhuoliny, progress: Explain the layout of the GUI w/ mcstaffo},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {},
  {}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
Throughout this meeting we have discussed what we will do for future sprints
and the overall video for sprint 2 submission.  