date: September 16, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [prjones4, mcstaffo, asrathor, zhuoliny, eewalker, dakotale]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {},
  {}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: asrathor, progress: Development for the first sprint and video},
  {ubit: dakotale, progress: Development for the first sprint and video},
  {ubit: eewalker, progress: Development for the first sprint and video},
  {ubit: mcstaffo, progress: Development for the first sprint and video},
  {ubit: prjones4, progress: Development for the first sprint and video},
  {ubit: zhuoliny, progress: Development for the first sprint and video},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {},
  {}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
Final meeting before sprint 1.  We accomplished the overall layout for the app,
app development for sprint 1, video, github, and minutes template.