date: September 14, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [prjones4, mcstaffo, asrathor, zhuoliny]
absent: [eewalker, dakotale]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: dakotale, reason: Sick, was unable to come in},
  {ubit: eewalker, reason: Had class, unable to go}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: asrathor, progress: Discuss with the Ta the layout of our project},
  {ubit: dakotale, progress: },
  {ubit: eewalker, progress: },
  {ubit: mcstaffo, progress: Discuss with the Ta the layout of our project},
  {ubit: prjones4, progress: Discuss with the Ta the layout of our project},
  {ubit: zhuoliny, progress: Discuss with the Ta the layout of our project},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {},
  {}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
Discussion with the TA on how the project would be laid out.