date: September 20, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [prjones4, mcstaffo, asrathor, zhuoliny, eewalker, dakotale]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {},
  {}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: asrathor, progress: Research/Working On Google API},
  {ubit: dakotale, progress: Research/Working On Google API, Look into BaasBox for Rest API},
  {ubit: eewalker, progress: Assigned to server backend},
  {ubit: mcstaffo, progress: Work on development of the full GUI},
  {ubit: prjones4, progress: Research/Work on node.js and mongodb},
  {ubit: zhuoliny, progress: Work on development of the full GUI},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {},
  {}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
Overall discussion with the TA to show what our steps to this sprint will
be and how it will carry over to future sprints.