date: September 28, 2016
meeting_type: instructor # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [prjones4, mcstaffo, asrathor, zhuoliny, eewalker, dakotale]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {},
  {}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: asrathor, progress: Research/Explain use of Google API and use of code in the GUI},
  {ubit: dakotale, progress: Research/Explain use of Google API, Research into uses of other API such as Outlook Calendar API},
  {ubit: eewalker, progress: Discuss server backend in regards to server space/usage},
  {ubit: mcstaffo, progress: Showing of the GUI without working buttons},
  {ubit: prjones4, progress: Research/Explain use of node.js and mongodb},
  {ubit: zhuoliny, progress: Explain the layout of the GUI w/ mcstaffo},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {},
  {}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
Meeting with Jesse to discuss how our project is coming together and what
we plan to do with our project for the duration of the sprint and future
sprints.  Eliminated the concern of Baasbox for Rest API for the time being.