date: October 17, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [pasrathor, eewalker, dakotale]
absent: [mcstaffo, zhuoliny, prjones4]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {},
  {}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: asrathor, progress: Google API attempted bug fixes},
  {ubit: dakotale, progress: Google API attempted bug fixes},
  {ubit: eewalker, progress: Google JSON},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {},
  {}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
Group discussion with people handling google API and one handling json in which
we attempt to fix the bug issues and have the google-play services json be added 
to our server