date: August 29, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [prjones4, mcstaffo, dakotale, asrathor, zhuoliny, eewalker]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {},
  {}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: asrathor, progress: Discuss group project ideas},
  {ubit: dakotale, progress: Discuss group project ideas},
  {ubit: eewalker, progress: Discuss group project ideas},
  {ubit: mcstaffo, progress: Discuss group project ideas},
  {ubit: prjones4, progress: Discuss group project ideas},
  {ubit: zhuoliny, progress: Discuss group project ideas},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {},
  {}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  We discussed what possible project that we could do.  We were debating 
  whether to go down the road of game development or app development.