date: October 6, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [prjones4, mcstaffo, asrathor, zhuoliny, eewalker, dakotale]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {},
  {}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: asrathor, progress: Working on the finishing touches of the Google API},
  {ubit: dakotale, progress: Working on the Google API w/ asrathor to create a small function to display free time to the user},
  {ubit: eewalker, progress: Ability to ping the server and have a reply back from the server},
  {ubit: mcstaffo, progress: Showing of the GUI without working buttons/ Working on server backend to have the server interact with the GUI},
  {ubit: prjones4, progress: Wrote multiple node.js scheme to help with server backend},
  {ubit: zhuoliny, progress: Explain the layout of the GUI w/ mcstaffo},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {Google API end time string is displayed at one standard time},
  {}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
Meeting with to attempt to finish all the required materials to submit for
Sprint 2, as of this meeting we meet two more times to fix any bugs and issues
that arose as a result of GUI/Server interaction.