date: October 25, 2016
meeting_type: TA # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [mcstaffo, asrathor, zhuoliny, eewalker, dakotale]
absent: [prjones4]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: prjones4, reason: Doctor Appointment},
  {}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: asrathor, progress: talked about what to do in the future (user contacts)},
  {ubit: dakotale, progress: talked about what to do in the future},
  {ubit: eewalker, progress: Json and warmachine progress along with future of sprint 3},
  {ubit: mcstaffo, progress: Database progress for sprint 3},
  {ubit: zhuoliny, progress: Connection class progress for sprint 3},
  {ubit: prjones4, progress: }
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {},
  {}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.